hi guys Sarah from BBC good food and
this week I'm trying out what I hope
your diet plan recipes for the new year
and so it's not about you guys but I've
had a pretty indulgent Christmas and New
Year's so I'm quite looking forward to
just not with these recipes getting back
on track
boosting my energy getting a bit more
healthy and so today I'm making the
seeded soda bread it's wholemeal as well
and that's something that you can make
on Sunday and then eat a week for the
plan and I'm really happy that this plan
involves bread because I love bread just
really excited about that and I'm quite
people meals based around it so you've
got poached eggs and avocado on this
bread for breakfast and also and there's
like beetroot Hamas which is like
running the week and I can't wait for
that one because anyone that knows me
knows I love her and so yeah let's get
going it's a it looks pretty easy I hope
it is and there's only got five
ingredients which I have laid out on it
so we've got some natural yoghurt some
bicarb soda batter equal some like seed
mix and just wholemeal flour so I run
I'm gonna preheat the oven and then
let's get going